Previously on "The Real
Housewives of Salt Lake City"...
This is Vail part two.
So where is Mary and Meredith?
Well, she missed the first trip
because of her dad's memorial.
But do you think
that's true, though?
When you called her,
you were like,
she's in the middle
of her memorial.
She was in the middle
of something. I don't know.
Everyone has a different story.
You all can spew lies
about me all day,
and do not bring my father
into it!
My family is off-limits!
But I don't we said it was fake.
We were like, "Is it true?"
I can't. Mnh-mnh.
Why don't you just wanna
be peaceful and...
I care about what matters.
Your husbands sent me out here
to make sure
that you bitches have fun.
- I think we should drop it.
Just like that.
Now your goal is to come
all the way down.
- Great job.
- There it is.
- Perfect.
- Whoo!
Jennie, I wanna apologize.
I just shut the door
on new people in my life.
I don't mean it personally.
It would be anyone.
Thank you very much.
I appreciate that.
Baby.
Oop.
Okay.
Okay. Okay. I'm done.
You met Jen Shah one for one,
mano a mano for the whole night
partying it up.
I think I was very, um...
level-headed and tame.
To Club Zion!
- Love you, babe.
- Yes!
Clearly, we have been touched
by the hand of God.
There's no other explanation.
Lions lying down with lambs.
There must be angels amongst us.
This is God's promised land.
Watch how this moves
in the wind.
So I'm gonna, like,
try to get going fast
and then just being like...
- Yeah.
You get a... What is it called,
a nice gallop going?
- Or what is it called?
- A canter.
A nice canter going.
This is a gallop,
and this is a canter.
Do it a little bit different.
- Are we ready, Meredith?
- You look so nice.
I thought we were doing spa,
so I didn't put on any makeup.
I just put on a little lipstick
and a little face stuff.
- Yeah.
- But no, I mean, Jennie...
- Oh!
- It's called sunglasses.
- Jen.
- Whitney.
I need to consult you
with my look for today.
Okay. I'm just taking a nap
while I'm getting my makeup--
- Can I borrow some more hair?
- You found my extensions?
I found this one at the pool.
I found this one on the pole.
I want you to know that hell
has not frozen over,
but Lisa asked me to go
on a date,
and I graciously accepted.
- Really?
She's gonna come back in love
with me. Sorry, everyone.
I already am in love with you.
It seems like things are
on a positive trajectory.
Believe it or not,
Heather and Lisa
are going horseback riding
together.
Bye, kids.
Okay.
Whitney and Jen are going
to go ATVing.
- Let me put--
- Listen, just in case
we get stranded,
I turn into the SOS flag
on the side of the road.
And I am going with Mary
and Jennie to the spa.
Good.
Maybe our husbands were right.
Maybe we just needed
a little fun together.
But then again, when are
the husbands ever right?
So maybe I'm wrong on this.
We'll see.
Good morning or afternoon
or whatever time of day it is.
Oh, my goodness gracious.
Here we go.
- Are you Ray and Whitnee?
- Yes.
- I'm Heather.
- So nice to meet you guys.
- Nice to meet you. Hi, Whitnee.
- We're so excited!
I mean, if someone had asked me
two months ago...
Ready up?
...if I would be
horseback riding
alone with Heather,
that would be a definite no.
Oh, I even have a rope.
I didn't get a rope.
My Barbie horse does not have
all the accessories, okay?
There's, like,
a first for everything,
and today this is a first.
We'll start this way.
- Hello.
- How are you guys doing?
- Good. How are you?
- Hi!
Great. You guys ready
to go for a ride today?
- Oh, we are ready for a ride.
- I like your T-shirt.
Oh, thank you.
- "Let's do something dirty."
- Oh.
Speaking Whitney's language.
So what we're gonna do
is we're gonna run you up
on the Grafton Mesa road.
Um...
- How do you open the door?
- Right here.
Oh, great.
There are some overlooks
up there,
and I'll show you around
a little bit.
Squeeze this out
from under you there.
Oh, we have...we're gonna be
like a pilot?
- Yeah.
- Have you guys--
either one of you
ever done it before?
Okay, so if you wanna go ahead
and start the car.
We're ready.
Let's hit the trail.
I chose to go ATV riding because
Whitney can actually drive
an ATV,
but I'm just now realizing
Whitney is more hungover
than I am right now.
I think she was drinking out
of a serving dish last night.
I think I may have chosen wrong
today.
Can I say thank you,
beautiful horse?
Thanks for letting me
ride your horses.
There are some drinks,
some Popsicles
in that cooler over there.
- Help yourself.
- Thank you.
That's so nice!
Thank you so much.
- Thank you!
- Thank you, thank you.
Heather, what are you
in the mood for?
Well, I'm always in the mood
for a Popsicle.
- Ooh, a creamy to boot.
- Ooh, the good stuff.
Who knew the gem of friendship
lying underneath the surface
with me and Lisa?
And all we needed was a couple
of stallions between our legs,
and we're just two girls
having a great time.
This looks just like a set
of a Britney Spears video.
I was thinking the same thing.
Thank you for asking me out
on this date.
- At first I wanted to say no.
- Our first date.
But then I thought,
you know what?
She's cute. She's got money.
Give her a chance.
Thanks for giving me a chance,
Heather.
Well, it's been a good date.
I'm glad I checked
the right boxes.
Thanks for the creamy.
I just wanna stay
in a great place with you.
Yeah, but, like, you've been
at odds with...everybody
in defense of Meredith.
I just felt for you,
and I just--I feel like...
I feel for me, too.
You know I told you guys this
on the van.
There has been tension
between me and Meredith.
I never considered,
not for even a second,
really the fact that Meredith
hadn't been showing up
for you at all.
- Not at all.
- And it wasn't until
the first night at dinner
here in Zion...
- Mm-hmm.
- ...when you just said,
you know, you could've
used a little more.
I upset Meredith very badly.
She felt like I was not
there for her 100%.
Oh, okay.
You weren't there for her.
Was she there for you 100%,
Lisa?
Was she?
I could've used a little more.
And that was, like,
the first moment
that I just kind of saw it
for the first time
from your perspective at all,
and I felt that for you.
Thanks, Heather. Like, honestly,
that means a lot because
it's hurtful for me because
I feel vested
in Meredith's friendship.
It actually feels nice to have
someone actually see me,
and for actually acknowledging
that I do always have
Meredith's back,
and I do care a lot
about our friendship,
and I'm there to support her
and that it's not always
reciprocated.
And it's actually ironic that
it's Heather pointing it out.
Whoo!
Wow! Wow! That was fun.
Awesome.
Does it look like I ate ass?
Oh, my gosh.
This is beautiful.
Just enjoy yourself. Let me know
when you guys are ready.
Thank you.
I'm just gonna grab our snacks
really quick.
Salt and vinegar chips.
Should we sit right there?
- Yeah, let's enjoy the view.
- Okay.
- Did you enjoy that?
- I did. That was really fun.
Not as fun as last night,
but actually, last night,
I've not laughed that hard
in a very long time.
- My abs are sore.
- We laughed a lot.
You know what I was really
surprised about?
Yesterday morning started,
Meredith was, like, screaming.
Meredith went zero to 500.
My father died, so I couldn't
go in a ----ing Sprinter van?!
But we still didn't get, like,
a solid answer.
She never even said
if it happened.
You know what I mean? Yeah.
Like, if your best friend is
just coming to you
and saying something, wouldn't
you just answer the question?
"No. Of course it happened,"
and then go off, or whatever.
I mean, listen,
if Meredith can lie about
her own father's memorial,
what else is she capable
of lying about?
The sky's the limit to me.
Where are your boundaries?
The truth of it is
is it looks fricking weird.
She tells us she gets
a private investigator,
and the night before we leave,
she doesn't show up on the bus.
I don't know.
Is she trying to cover
something up?
Because clearly,
it's not adding up,
so either she lied
about her dad's memorial,
which, you know,
that's a hard thing to question
because she's grieving
the loss of her father,
but is that all just, like,
a cover-up for something else?
Yesterday morning seemed
so bizarre to me.
I apologized to you guys
because I didn't like
that you guys yelled at.
I'm--I would never--
- We got totally yelled at.
- Um, me, too.
And said that we were
speculating
that it was a fake memorial.
- Me, too, me, too.
I didn't tell her
we were speculating about it.
I never called it
a fake memorial.
- I never said that.
- I should have shut that down
when everyone was saying, like,
"Well, Meredith wasn't here."
'Cause I knew
she was already in Aspen
having the memorial for her dad.
I was fine with that.
And she was just gonna meet us
in Vail on Tuesday.
- She had it on Monday?
- She'd had it on Monday.
Wait, did we leave on Monday?
'Cause I called her--
No, Jen got arrested on Tuesday,
and we--
Oh, okay, yeah, but--
She had the memorial
before Monday.
Yeah, but I called her--
No, it was Tuesday.
I was in the van.
What I remember saying--
"Oh, you guys, she's in
her dad's memorial.
I can't believe I just
called her. I feel terrible."
I feel awful calling you.
Jen's husband, um,
is in the hospital.
Meredith, I hate
interrupting you right now.
Go be with your family
right now. I love you.
I'll see you in a little bit.
I love you. Love you.
All right, goodbye.
All right, I love you.
All right, bye.
- When was the memorial?
- I think it was Tuesday morning.
Well, then she's lying to you,
or she's lying to me.
Coming up...
How about you, Mary?
Did you talk to Robert?
That side of my life, I'm not
comfortable talking about,
especially because I don't
really know you like that.
When was the memorial?
I think it was Tuesday morning.
Well, then she's lying to you,
or she's lying to me.
Or she's lying to both of us,
and there was no memorial
at all.
I really hope that Meredith
is not that ----ed up
to do something like this.
Is there something bigger
than happened with you two?
No. Nothing.
Unless she's not saying
something.
Going back to last year
when we learned the information
about her being separated
and having boyfriends...
Mm-hmm.
Was there more to that?
- 'Cause that? I...
- No.
It is so clear that Meredith
has a vendetta against Jen,
but it has to be more
than Twitter.
Like, it doesn't add up.
Here's the problem, and here's
my experience with Meredith.
I think everything's fine.
Then guess what?
A week or two weeks from now,
she'll be like,
"No, I never said I liked you.
I told you I had problems.
I was drinking that night."
I think you have to
keep an eye on her.
She was your friend last night,
but now she's
with Mary M. Cosby.
Look, the Mary M. Cosby sh--,
okay, I swear to God,
somebody...help me, Jesus,
please.
Mary says the meanest things
to people.
Then she comes back and is like,
"Oh, no, we're good."
- Okay, no, no, hold on, Mary.
- Okay, well, listen,
above and beyond her
saying mean things
and treating us poorly,
Mary has accusations out there
about her church.
There's allegations of Mary
using her power
as the First Lady
to get what she wants.
- But Meredith is fine with that?
- Exactly.
Meredith has a lot of
the same behaviors Mary does,
where it's like,
"I can do and say whatever,
and you all need to accept it
because I'm better than you."
That's how it comes across
to me.
I feel like,
"Just have faith in knowing
what I'm saying is true."
I feel like that's what
Meredith does, too.
So what are we gonna do?
We need to bring it up,
because they'll bring up
whatever they want and speculate
about everyone else.
I know that they damn sure
have done that about me.
We're not gonna sweep it
under the rug.
- Let's go.
- You guys ready?
I'm definitely moving
a little bit slow today.
Yeah.
This is gonna be awesome.
- Have a little relaxation.
- We need this.
- Hi!
- Hi! Welcome.
- Hello.
- We have reservation today.
Okay. Your name, please?
My name is Jennie, Meredith,
and Mary.
Wonderful. If you'd like
to come with me,
I'll take you down
to the locker room,
where you can get changed.
- Okay, awesome.
- Wonderful. Thank you so much.
- Come on down.
After a crazy night
with a lot of wine...
Come on in.
...and very little sleep
for the last few days...
There are robes already
in the lockers for you.
Dress down to your
comfort level, whatever that is.
- Thank you.
- You're welcome.
- Thank you so much.
All I have in me is a spa day.
Okay, ladies, go ahead and start
face-down for me.
I've never turned down
a massage. Are you kidding me?
Never. Even if I have
to be with Jennie.
Do your thing, girl.
This is bizarre to me.
Mary is fully dressed
with her sunglasses on.
She cannot fully commit.
She's like, put one foot in
and is like,
"I'm going for a massage,
but I'm fully dressed,
so if you piss me off,
I'm ready to just take off."
Okay, ladies, feel free
to put your robes on.
Thank you. That was awesome.
I needed that.
Ladies, we do have an area
set up outside for you
with some refreshments if you'd
like to have a seat out there.
Thank you. Wonderful.
Let's go. Oh, my gosh.
- I totally fell asleep.
- You did?
- This is so pretty.
- It is so pretty.
I wanna play on the grass.
- How beautiful.
- Nice.
Yesterday was, like, amazing
from the time we started
till the time we went to bed.
I hope there's a duo.
I hope there's an encore.
I just think it was
a great day,
and the dynamic in our group
has shifted...
- Shifted.
- ...a little bit.
And--And that it seems like
everyone's
just trying to be positive,
which is all that matters.
The night--the first night
we got here,
it was really tough
on everybody,
and I feel like that's a lot
of tension.
There are a lot of speculations,
and, yeah, I did share
with Jen a few things about,
you know,
the whole private investigator.
But you took that away from me.
There was no reason for her
to relay that information
unless she was trying to stir
the pot between me and Jen.
Feels like with this group,
it's a continuous bad game
of telephone.
Yeah, I understand.
That's what I'm--
And that was wrong.
But this speaks
to a trust issue, Jennie.
- Mm-hmm.
- You realize that.
Like, you didn't act as
a friend to me.
It wasn't meant to hurt you
or anything like that.
It was brought up, and I should
not have bring it up.
And I wanna apologize.
My intention is not
to hurt you at all.
And I'm gonna draw the line
what I'm gonna say,
what I'm not gonna say.
I'm gonna speak for myself,
and it will never happen again.
Thank you, and I do
appreciate that very much.
Have you guys talked
to your husbands
since you've been here?
Yeah, I did check up on him.
How's he doing?
How are the kids?
They're great. He's a good dad.
But you know,
my issue with my husband--
we're working on it.
Like you mentioned, you refer me
to one of the counselor,
but right now kind of hard
'cause he's so determined
not to go.
- He won't--still won't go?
- Yeah.
I'm hoping that
you would join me
at the couple therapy.
At this moment, I can lie
and say, "Yeah, I'll go,"
but then I'm--
I know deep down inside
I'm not telling the truth.
Never done it. Never will.
If the end of it, he has
to realize that, you know,
it's something he needs to do,
or he's gonna lose his marriage.
How about you, Mary?
Did you talk to Robert?
- I did.
- Awesome.
- How's he doing?
- Yeah, how he's doing?
That side of my life, I'm not
comfortable talking about.
I don't--especially because I
don't really know you like that.
Mm-hmm.
I think I'm gonna excuse myself.
I'm gonna get dressed,
and I'll see you soon.
I don't understand.
All she had to say was,
"He's great. He's fine.
He's doing good."
What's so hard about that?
Coming up...
Lisa constantly lying...
Mary, guess what? Mary, Mary,
let's talk about what's real.
You're the biggest liar
I've ever met.
Your apologies are fake.
Your church is fake.
The way you treat people
is fake. It's all fake.
That was Shah-mazing,
dirty, dirty dude.
Thank you. Thanks.
My God, I'm so tired. Thank you.
Thank you very much.
- I have a sweaty ass.
- "Swass"? I love that.
- Hello!
- Hi!
You guys should--
You guys should see your face.
What's wrong with my face
right now?
Both of you should see
your faces.
What's wrong with my face
right now?
There's no windshield
in that thing.
- I need a shower.
- You guys are, like, filthy.
Okay, I need to take a nap.
I need to go to bed
for a little bit.
- I am so tired.
- See you guys later.
- Bye.
- We'll see you at dinner.
- Hello?
- Where are you at?
I'm just out.
We're having dinner tonight,
and I need to get dressed.
Should I wear a gold dress,
blue dress, or...
Okay, gold or...
gold, blue, or yellow dress?
What color?
Robert?
Bubs?
Was that you urinating?
Heather, are you coming out
this way?
No, I'm gonna come out this way.
Okay.
Oh, my gosh,
this is looking so good.
Looks delicious. What's our ETA?
Should we be ready?
- 8.
- 8?
- Okay.
- Oh, wait.
Do we have time to shower?
- You better.
- You smell like horse.
Just do a French short shower.
It's like the pits
and crevices, you know?
Whoo-hoo!
- Don't be scared. It's just me.
- Hey! You look good.
- Hi, Rheanna.
- How are you?
Oh.
This looks delicious.
You got the mariachi band,
and I'm making up
some margarita tacos.
Delicious.
In honor of Mary calling me
a Mexican thug...
When I think about Jen,
I see a thug.
Like, you know,
those Mexican...people.
I fully embrace that
one-million percent.
Therefore, I am hosting
a Cinco de Mayo party.
So Viva Mexico.
Let's do it! Yes!
Thank you.
See you in a few minutes.
Can I come in?
Yes!
Aw, you look gorge.
- You look hot.
- Thank you.
I am really tired,
but I'm trying to rally.
I know. I'm tired, too.
I think that we don't need
to make this a super late night.
It can be fun. Um, okay,
I've gotta ask you something,
and it's gonna seem
a little strange,
and it's not something I would
normally ever ask someone,
but I'm not sure how else
to deal with it.
- So I have a little dilemma.
- Okay.
I know that, you know,
Jen has stipulated
to the federal government
that she has zero assets.
If she's paying for this dinner
tonight, I can't go.
Wait. Why?
What does that mean?
She said that she has
zero dollars to the government.
So if she's paying
for the dinner tonight,
that's a big problem.
There is a federal indictment
for fraud with Jen,
specifically that she has
illegal money, allegedly,
and if that's how this is
being paid for,
I don't want to get involved
with that.
Honestly, it's just not...
a good thing.
It's not good for her, you know?
It's not good for us.
It's not good for anybody.
I couldn't care less
who's paying normally.
- Yeah. I think, yeah...
- You know that's not
what it's about.
- I think--
It's just about keeping things
clean.
Yeah. My understanding is that
the husbands did pay for it.
Okay.
But... I didn't really ask
any questions.
Okay. Don't--don't worry
about it.
- Whew.
- You were like...
Meredith coming in hot.
Coming up...
All of your husbands
sent us here.
- 'Cause you don't have one.
- you, Mary Cosby.
Who's your husband?
It's your step-granddaddy.
Oh.
Okay, ladies!
It's Cinco de Mayo!
- Where you at?!
- Whoo!
The party train is leaving!
All aboard!
If you wanna see--
Frida Kahlo. Come here.
I have one for you.
- Bitch, yes.
- All right!
It's time for a party!
Come on, party people.
That's what I'm talking about.
----ing show up.
You said show up for the fiesta.
- Show up.
- I got a few for the ladies.
We'll see if they wear 'em,
okay?
You look so cute.
You all look so cute.
Whoo!
I gotta take part
in the party train!
Waiting for my party animal
to get here.
Whoo!
Whoa! Heather! Frida!
You can pick any flower
you want.
Ooh.
I can put it on a little clippy.
I have a headband.
I think the headband's
my color.
Yes.
- Oh, my goodness!
- I can vibe.
Well, I was thinking
I look good like this.
I mean...
This is red and pink
and orange.
I'm actually having a great time
with Heather and Whitney.
Who would've thought Zion
would be sunny skies
and no chance of bad weather?
Okay, are we ready?
You guys, we're doing
a conga line out there.
I wanna be the end.
I'm the caboose.
I think I should be the caboose,
but I'll let it slide.
♪ La cucaracha, la cucaracha
Oh, my gosh, we're eating
in the magic garden.
You guys, look how beautiful
this Cinco de Mayo is.
Yes!
Jen really outdid herself.
The music is calling me.
Girl!
I love being outside.
I love the Mariachi band.
The flowers, the arrangement,
the alcohol.
The alcohol.
I love everything
that she set up.
Gracias. We love you. Mwah!
- Hasta luego.
Committing to slithering.
I got it.
Oh, yes. Yes, yes, yes.
I don't know what that is.
What is this? These quesadillas?
Quesadilla.
Okay, ladies, I wanna thank
all of you for coming
to our Cinco de Mayo
caliente party.
Aw.
So since you ladies are so hot,
I'm gonna give you something
to cool you down.
- Don't open it.
- Ooh.
- Don't open it?
- Not yet.
Thank you.
I like the box.
They're just a little,
you know...
Ooh, fancy.
Am I getting a key, Jen?
Oh, Jen, it's so pretty.
Can we not open it? Because I'd
really like to look at it.
No, no, no. Don't open it yet.
So I actually was bringing these
to Vail
the day that I did not make it
to Vail.
And it's important to me
for you all to know
that I do care about each
and every one of you.
And I know
the last year and a half
has been difficult with me,
and I appreciate all
of your support.
You can open it.
Oh, it's a snowflake.
We designed snowflakes
because every snowflake
is completely different.
Every snowflake is different,
and every snowflake is fresh.
- I like that.
- I think that's a good idea.
But there's six diamonds on,
like, the actual chain
for the six of you,
and then I'm the big diamond
in the middle, obviously.
And the most unique.
Thank you, Jen.
That's very kind.
Yeah, thank you very much.
Meredith is accepting the gift.
I'm shocked.
She didn't even wanna come
to the dinner.
Enough of that.
Let's do a toast.
Cheers to all
of my little snowflakes.
That's for everyone.
I gotta run in the house
for a second.
I wanna go back.
Wow.
Thanks, lady of service.
I can't do this. I'm freezing.
Where's Mary going?
She said she wanted to go inside
and get warm.
And then Whitney asked her if
she could bring some blankets
when she comes back,
and she said no.
- Oh.
- She did?
I don't really care
if she comes back...
What's there to be upset about?
...because she's being
kind of a buzz kill, honestly.
She was a little like that
at the spa, too, so...
- She was--
- She was a little bit of a...
Yeah, because Meredith asked
how was my husband,
how was my kids and, you know,
I thought it was very nice
asking my family
how we were doing,
then Meredith asked about
Robert, and she was like,
"Oh, I don't wanna talk
about it. This is personal.
I don't really know her,"
which is me.
- What's personal?
- Her family.
Like, oh, okay, that's fine.
I'm not gonna...
And I, like, well, you apo--
Well, to me, I feel like
you apologized, I thought you
wanted to get to know me more.
So that's why it caught me
off-guard when she said that.
- Yeah, she did apologize to you.
- It's okay.
- So I would think that, too.
- Yeah.
I can understand why she would
feel uncomfortable.
- Why?
- I probably...
Well, because they don't know
each other all that well,
and Jennie was talking about
some personal things
that we had talked about
previously.
I was opening up.
I wanna share some things.
- I'm just gonna grab that.
- I'm kind of reaching out.
You know? It's like every time
I didn't talk--
Well, I think she felt like
you were talking, too,
which obviously you were,
because you don't know her
all that well.
- Mm-hmm.
- If you were one-on-one
with Mary, that conversation
would've never come up.
Because she...
Yeah. I don't think the apology
was sincere.
See, you apologize,
don't do it again.
I don't like being in the cycle
of abuse.
You guys, it looks like
she's walking back,
so you guys can speak directly
to her
and let her speak for herself.
- Yeah.
I don't like being
in a cycle of abuse.
You guys, looks like she's
walking back.
- That's okay.
- So you guys can speak
directly to her.
- Yeah.
You guys got a blanket?
What's this?
Yeah.
- Are you warm? Are you okay?
- Yeah. I'm sweating.
- Warm-hearted.
- You know, out here,
the summer desert
is, like, hot.
- Thank you.
- Ah! Rheanna.
- Oh, put it on this charger?
- Wow.
- Delicious. I'm excited.
- Oh, those look amazing.
- Thank you.
- Good.
- So, Jennie...
- Yes, ma'am.
You know, I just wanna get to
the bottom of, like...
what you were saying earlier,
'cause we stopped
talking about it.
We should continue
because I don't feel right.
Mary, do you like Jennie?
No.
But you don't have
to be rude to me, though.
I'm not trying to be rude
to you.
I personally think you're rude.
- Like, that's just me.
- How am I rude? How am I rude?
Just the way
you blurt out things.
You need to toughen up,
sweetheart.
Okay, can we stop
and have some fun?
Shut the up
and let's go!
Don't ever use that word
with me, you...
- I did not talk about you.
- Mary is so full of sh--!
- I sure did. Jen--
- You talk about this
as much we did.
Don't lie, Mary.
Well, I think you're very rude,
to me because--
Well, I didn't ask you.
I don't really care. I'm--
Oh, you don't care that
you're rude to me.
I didn't ask your opinion.
I don't care.
No, no, opinion or not,
it is a fact.
You are rude to me.
Ask anybody here. They see it.
Is she rude to me?
Just be honest.
- You can say it.
- I mean, whenever--
whenever she started talking,
you kind of walked
out of the kitchen, you said,
"I'm not interested
in anything she has to say."
That was uncomfortable 'cause
we're all friends and moms,
and you know, her husband
pitched in for the trip, too.
What do you mean
her husband pit--
You mean her husband pitched in,
too? What does that mean?
- Paid for the trip.
- Yeah.
'Cause you don't have one,
so what does that--
What's that got to do
with anything?
- Why would you say that, Mary?
- Well, 'cause I want to.
You think I'm under
the impression
that I have a husband?
No, I'm just saying why would
you mention her husband?
you, Mary Cosby.
Who's your husband?
It's your step-granddaddy.
I'm gonna sit back
and drink my margarita
and leave this--leave this
to everyone else to discuss,
'cause I already said this
a year ago.
- Relax. Relax.
- I'm not gonna relax.
Yeah, relax. Don't--I--
You don't need to say
mean things to me.
You have an issue with me,
though.
- No, I don't.
- Yes, you do. Yeah, you do.
I'm just sitting here talking.
What happened
between last night and today
and this morning in spa,
because--
Well, her apology's not sincere.
I'm just letting you know that.
You're just gonna have
to live with it, then,
'cause I'm not doing any more
than that.
What is your problem with me?
I don't have a problem with you.
- Yes, you do. Yes, you do.
- I don't wanna know you.
- I don't really care.
- Meredith, that's not kind.
That's not kind. Like, I don't
want her to feel bad.
I don't want her to feel bad.
Her, me, you, or Jennie.
- It's not kind.
- What is it you want from me?
No, I'm just saying,
we need to point it out.
Well, then treat everybody
the same, Lisa.
Stick up for her
and do the same for me.
Like, be consistent.
What just triggered you
just right now?
I'm just saying,
like, be consistent.
'Cause you weren't consistent
with me.
Don't roll your eyes
and don't do that.
This is not getting
turned on me.
I'm a great friend
to everybody here.
Oh, you're a great friend to me
when all the accusations
went public?
Yes, I was a good friend to you
and I still am a good friend.
- So not calling me?
- I'm authentic, Jen.
This is, like, crazy.
This isn't about me and you
right now,
so I don't know where
we're going--this direction.
It's okay, it's okay,
this is not about you.
Who is there for ----ing me?
Because nobody is there for me!
- I was, Lisa.
- You know what, Jen?
And I have been your friend,
too.
This is not getting turned
on me. I'm sorry.
This is not about me.
You know what? It's like...
Right now
I'm at my breaking point.
I have been nothing
but a good and loyal friend
to both Meredith and Jen,
but I am so sick
of emotionally coddling
two grown women
that have issues that they
will not resolve,
and I'm sick of it
becoming a problem for me.
Jen is triggered.
Let her have her moment.
No, no, no, because of
my friendship with you.
It's like I'm constantly like,
do I have to choose one
or the other? I'm not choosing.
- I'm being nice to everybody.
- Then do what you wanna do.
I do not understand where
Lisa Barlow is coming from.
She doesn't stand up for me.
What kind of support
do you want?
- I'm not choosing.
- I'm being nice to everybody.
No, I've never told you
to do anything.
No, I'm saying because she's--
she's thinking
I'm a double standard
because I just stuck up for her,
and she wants me to stick up
for her. That's what it is.
- You are.
- I am not, Mary.
- I'm kind to everyone.
- No, you're not.
Mary, you're fake as
That's what you are.
You're fake. You say
you're sorry all the time,
and then you do
the same thing over,
and it's this cycle of abuse.
I'm out of that cycle.
You can say whatever you want.
Doesn't mean anything.
And you're real? You don't
even know how to be real.
- You wasn't taught.
- You don't know what's real.
- Everything about's you fake.
- Let's not go there.
You're still eating candy.
Mary, don't worry about my diet.
- Don't worry about my diet.
- It's who you are.
I'm not interested in what
you think about my diet.
You live in a lie.
You live in a bubble.
- Your whole life is fake.
- Do not go there.
You live at Taco Bell,
for crying out loud.
Oh, my God.
What's wrong with eating
at Taco Bell?!
You raised these kids
on Taco Bell.
- I love Taco Bell!
- Who does that?
I love Taco Bell,
and I also love fine dining,
and I think that--
- Yeah, well, your kids
and yourself and your husband
needs nutrients
I think the love of fast food
just shows she's not--
she has no depth.
She doesn't really look
at the importance of life.
Just saying.
Meredith, is this okay?
She's so nice. She's so nice.
She's kind.
Your own self said
no one's here for you,
and then you turn to me
to stand up for you.
I'm--I don't need you
to stand up for me.
- I've been doing that, so...
- I don't need for you
to stand up for me.
I got it, though.
- Lisa, stop constantly lying.
- Mary, guess what?
You're the biggest liar
I've ever met.
Mary, Mary, let's talk
about what's real.
You are fake in everything
you do.
There is--everything about you
is fake.
I was told anything you do--
Lisa, you need to work
on yourself.
Your apologies are fake.
Your church is fake.
The way you treat people
is fake. It's all fake.
You need to work on yourself.
Lisa Barlow is
an amazing human being.
Mary, I am authentic.
I am real.
Everything I say I own, I own.
Let's go look up your stuff.
Let's go look up Mary Cosby.
What stuff?
You don't even know me.
Girl, go somewhere. You called
somebody from my church.
"Why is Mary... What's Mary..."
Lisa, back up
and--and--and meet
your high standards
that don't nobody know
what they are, because--
Yes, let's talk about
my character,
because that's where you
can't call it to question.
- Yours is a little different.
- I don't care what you think.
My whole congregation
don't even like you.
I can't even invite you
to my church.
You don't even have
a congregation.
They're all leaving because
they don't understand...
- Do I have a congregation?
- ...what they're even praying to
or who they're praying to.
Let's not go there.
Do I have a congregation,
Whitney?
You was at my church.
You saw them.
- Yeah, I did.
- And you will never come.
Mary, I'm not interested
in going to your church.
You will never come.
Mary, I'm not interested
in going to your church.
I don't invite the Devil
to my church.
- Everything you say is a lie.
- Okay.
I'm done with this.
Jen, where are you at?
I need you to get this little--
this little chihuahua
out of here.
- Happy Cinco de Mayo!
- ...de Mayo!
Oh, my God.
I'm not doing this tonight.
Here she comes.
Hey, welcome back.
Jen, listen,
I know Lisa hurt you,
but she's trying to show up
for you now. She really is.
You've been hurt, and we could
have shown up better,
but we're showing up now.
I think that's fair.
- It's not about me. Let's just--
- Listen, you know what?
It is about you. It's about
Mary, you, Jennie, Heather,
Whitney, me, and Meredith.
It's about all of us.
I mean, I am concerned how
we're gonna navigate this.
What's really clear--you aren't
really interested
in being friends with Jennie.
I don't think it's something
you need to be concerned about.
- I really don't.
- Well, I am.
Just say it, Mary.
Don't mumble.
If you have something
to say to me, say it to me.
I don't know.
You just get on my nerves.
Oh, then leave. If I get
on your nerves, then leave.
Because you get
on everybody's nerve.
Yeah, you know what? You're
a woman of God? Don't do that.
What are you a woman of?
I didn't claim to be
a woman of God.
- It's a good thing you don't.
- I claim to be a mom...
- Good.
- ...as you, okay?
- Yeah.
- So I don't go...
...like the way you do.
- You don't even know me.
- I don't care to know you.
And you don't even know me
at all.
And then you go back
and tell Jen about Meredith.
- So how is that anything--
- You're asking me
why I don't like you.
You're a mess.
- I don't like you either!
- Good.
Because I don't like the way
you behave.
I don't like the way you talk.
I don't like the way
you treat my friends.
- I don't like doing this. Like--
- Mary, the point is
is that it's really complicated
and confusing
when you have a church
and you treat us this way.
- Doesn't God love everyone?
- Yeah, He does.
That's what doesn't make sense,
Mary, is when you're saying
that you run a church--
- You guys can go to Jesus,
the church, the woman of God.
You can do all that.
- Mary. Mary.
- That isn't about me.
The way you're on that pole
upside down,
you should never try
to call me out on who I am.
Yeah, God taught me how
to do that.
You have a church.
You have a congregation.
Okay, Whitney. Thank you.
And you're telling us
we don't matter.
- Everyone matters to God.
- I can't take you guys.
This is too much.
What, so because
I'm a woman of God,
she's allowed to disrespect me,
and I'm not allowed to take up
for myself and respond?
What do you mean?
We're all God's creatures,
right?
So I don't know why I have to be
held to a higher standard.
They're not nice to me.
They're really not.
I am saying, you have a church.
- Thank you, Whitney.
- Okay, I got it.
You said it three times.
I understood it. Can we move on?
No.
'Cause you don't wanna be
friends with Jennie,
and she's my friend, and I don't
know how to be here...
It's okay.
Don't worry about it, then.
...with someone who doesn't
wanna be friends with...
- Okay, let's--
- I don't understand
why you don't wanna be friends
with Jennie.
And I'm gonna use...
Mary, what you said
is important.
- What was she saying?
- 'Cause it's honest.
So say it so everybody
can hear.
- I wanna hear. I didn't hear it.
- Which part?
You don't feel like
we are real friends, right?
I don't, none of us, no.
Not outside of Meredith.
Why only with Meredith?
I say Meredith because
when we're together
we don't talk about them.
We have nothing rude to say
about any of these girls.
I have a question, Meredith,
'cause you exude leading
with love and kindness.
- Thank you.
- But she does not.
So can you help me understand?
'Cause you have a friend
of 10 years here.
Everybody has
a different dynamic.
If I think that Mary's doing
something wrong, I tell her.
You sat here
and you heard her say
that she doesn't wanna be
her friend. She doesn't matter.
Do I think that's a nice thing
to say? No, I don't.
- Then stand up.
- But everybody is entitled
to say what they want to be
friends with someone or don't.
That's okay.
This is so upsetting to me
because you turn a blind eye
to the way everybody treats me,
but one word about Mary,
and you're, like, ready to
defend her at all costs.
That's kind of jerky, you know,
like...
Stop being so judgmental.
You're so perfect.
Don't say that, Mary.
That is not what I'm saying.
Well, I think you matter,
and you matter to me, okay?
But I can't speak
for somebody else.
I don't control
what anyone else does.
That being said, I do wanna
apologize to everyone
for screaming and yelling
and acting
like a complete lunatic
yesterday.
I was hurt and I reacted,
and I am sorry.
You know, no matter what Mary
does, Meredith has her back.
That's what I want from
my friendship with Meredith.
You don't have to speak for me.
Just have my back.
Lisa had reason to...suspect
to us that...
the memorial did not happen.
Did you have a memorial
with your father?
I'm not even warranting that
with an answer, Whitney.
Do not even go here with me.
It's gonna go very ugly
very fast.
- It's not how--
- None of your ----ing business.
- Meredith...
- This is my father. Stop it!
I'm not trying
to disrespect you.
Yes, I did, Whitney!
- Okay, that's all I wanted.
- Yes.
I think I've had enough.
Good night.
Meredith, no, I'm not trying
to disrespect you, Meredith.
I am finished.
No, you didn't get it yesterday.
- Don't talk about my family!
- I'm not talking
about your family.
- Done. My dead father? No.
- I'm asking you.
- No. And no. Goodbye.
That's horrible.
- Why?
- I mean, what the [bleep]?